Docs: clarify query formatting for time range variable queries (#84074)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/configure-data-links/index.md

| `__from`           | For more information, refer to [Global variables][].                |
| `__to`             | For more information, refer to [Global variables][].                |

> When you create data links using time range variables like `__url_time_range` in the URL, you have to form the query parameter syntax yourself; that is, you must add the question mark (`?`) and ampersand (`&`). These characters aren't automatically generated.

Reviewer: I think there might be a better way of phrasing this - maybe "that is, you must format the url by appending query parameters via the question mark (`?`) and ampersand (`&`) syntax."

> When you create data links using time range variables like `__url_time_range` in the URL, you have to form the query parameter syntax yourself; that is, you must add the question mark (`?`) and ampersand (`&`). These characters aren't automatically generated.

Author: ```suggestion
When you create data links using time range variables like `__url_time_range` in the URL, you have to form the query parameter syntax yourself; that is, you must format the URL by appending query parameters using the question mark (`?`) and ampersand (`&`) syntax. These characters aren't automatically generated.
```
